Create our new Interconnected world

Drive the future of innovation

Curiosity, collaboration, motivation

Team
Support Services organization ~500 worldwide

This is part of Customer Success. 

Jean-Christophe Coynel, Director of Innovation Lab, Digital Support Services. Leverage IoT and Data Analytics to automate detection, prescription, and prevention of customer issues. Build and deliver proactive support services from scratch, using Lean Startup(1) and Agile Scrum(2).

(1) Lean Startup. For KM, this implies Preparation, Execution, Evaluation and External Knowledge.

Preparation: Good infrastructure to extend knowledge sharing within the org for better KM performance. Non-hierarchical self-organized alongside the hierarchical formal structure. Measurement tools, targeting quantitative data (soft related measurement tool) or qualitative data (customer interview guides). This implies clear actionable, auditable, and accessible metrics to measure. Coaching qualified individuals for good customer interaction.

Execution: 

(2) Agile Scrum.  Agile methodology is a practice that helps continuous iteration of development and testing in the SDLC process. Agile breaks the product into smaller builds. In this methodology, development and testing activities are concurrent, unlike other software development methodologies. It also encourages teamwork and face-to-face communication. Business, stakeholders, and developers and clients must work together to develop a product. Scrum is an agile process that allows us to focus on delivering the business value in the shortest time. It rapidly and repeatedly inspects actual working software. It emphasizes accountability, teamwork, and iterative progress toward a well-defined goal.

Assist customers for setting up, use, or update PTC solutions (data and processes)

10 years of knowledge practices :question_mark: 

80% self-service support

Current issues:

Knowledge created by too many people, within multiple organizations

Knowledge evolves into

proactive rule engines (Data Science)*

peer-created knowledge

Content created for humans is now heavily consumed by machines

*Rule Engines: Advantages

Turning to rules adds a set of advantages to your applications:

Greater flexibility: keeping your rules into a Knowledge base let you adapt easily your decisions when they are changing.

Easier to grasp: Rules are easier to understand than procedural code so they can be effectively used to bridge the gap between business analyst and developers.

Reduced complexity: When embedding lots of decision points to your procedural codes it can easily turn your application into a nightmare. On the other hand rules can handle much better increasing complexity because they use a consistent representation of business rules.

Reusability: Keeping rules kept in one place leads to a greater reusability of your business rules. Also, traditional procedural code often impose unnecessary variations of base rules which are therefore more difficult to reuse in other contexts.


Mission: "make the right knowledge captured reliably and available timely in a format that can be easily consumed by all relevant human or technological parties"

Day-To-Day
Organize knowledge and content strategy across various support platforms

What is the current knowledge/content on which platforms?

How is this currently organized? shared? spread?

Align with other PTC org on knowledge practices and content strategy

What are the practices in other PTC org?

What content is available for each PTC org?

Redesign our knowledge practices to serve all knowledge consumers (including automated)

Processes

Delivery model

Content standards

Take accountability for execution of processes within SS

Report quarterly on operational results to leadership


Skills / Knowledge
Passion for KM and best practices, such as KCS

Understand the company’s organizational culture before selecting a KMS. Review company’s personnel capabilities while preparing a KMS business case.

Implement KM in carefully measured steps. Take away fear from the unknown and forced changes. Allows for user adoption analysis, issues adjustment, mistakes learning to better improve the org’s KM.

Motivate employees with rewards & appreciation. Break down the ideology that an individual is a fundamental pillar of an organization while withholding valuable information, and cannot be dismissed due to his standing. Implement bonus? benefit? or simple gestures of appreciation and acknowledgment.

Implement the knowledge ownership practice. Motivate employees to adhere to KM rules, and provide well-organized, credible and accurate information, making them responsible for their own knowledge. It also allows users to ask for more information to knowledge owners.

Assign a KM executive. Long-term first-hand experience in the org (NO), Understand the org’s business drivers, objectives…

Debrief after important events and projects. Build on tacit (informal, experience based) knowledge along with explicit one, buy holding review and debrief sessions. Allows for positive outcomes, room for improvement, lessons learned, and key pieces of new knowledge, all of this beneficial for future reference.

Implement a formal knowledge exchange policy. Useful for leaving staff to pass important knowledge to other members of the team.

Ability to combine input from different parties, to build and evangelize a plan

Influencing, Driving skills, Perspective

Excellent written & oral communication skills in English
